Well, you've made it this far in the course.
So now I'm going to teach you about return codes and then you're going to start writing your own program.
And this will be basically a template script that you can take anywhere and make whatever sort of program
you want.
But I want to teach you about these return codes first, because they serve an important purpose and
are often underused when people write scripts.
So if you do a 'ls --help'... remember, this is the thing that gives an error option.
Then you can type 'echo' this special variable here, 'echo $?' that will give you the
return code of the last command that ran.
So here it was one.  That--and in general terms, a zero--
if it's a 0 return code, it means the program was successful.
If it was a 1, that means something went wrong or basically anything that's not a zero means something
went wrong.
So if you type 'ls'...that one worked.
Check it again, the return code is 0 because it printed it off properly.
So basically, you're going to want to try to do the same thing in your script, so if you know something
might error or..
not work properly,
put a little return code in there.
So then other users--if they check this, they'll know whether or not your command--your script executed
correctly or not.